docs: update NVIDIA integration page (#388)
deepset-ai/haystack-integrations: integrations/nvidia.md

version: Haystack 2.0
toc: true

> ---

Author: Ok, sound good.

NIM microservices are packaged as container images on a per model or model family basis and are distributed as NGC container images through the [NVIDIA NGC Catalog](https://catalog.ngc.nvidia.com/).

## Prerequisites

To get access to the NVIDIA API Catalog, do the following:

1. Create a free account on the [NVIDIA API Catalog](https://build.nvidia.com/) and log in.
2. Click your profile icon, and then click **API Keys**.
3. Click **Generate API Key**, and then click **Generate Key**.
4. Copy and save your key.

Set the key as an environment variable:

```bash
export NVIDIA_API_KEY="nvapi-..."
```

## Installation

```bash
pip install nvidia-haystack
```

## Components

This integration introduces the following components:

> - **NvidiaTextEmbedder**: A component for embedding strings using NVIDIA embedding models. For models that differentiate between query and document inputs, this component embeds the input string as a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**NvidiaTextEmbedder**](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/nvidiatextembedder): A component for embedding text using NVIDIA embedding models. For models that differentiate between query and document inputs, this component embeds the input query.
```

> - **NvidiaDocumentEmbedder**: A component for embedding documents using NVIDIA embedding models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**NvidiaDocumentEmbedder**](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/nvidiadocumentembedder): A component for embedding documents using NVIDIA embedding models.
```
